Fixed stellarphot so it can run under current astropy (and numpy, when including previous PR) (#92)
feder-observatory/stellarphot: CHANGES.rst

1.1.5 (2023-05-31)
------------------

New Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Other Changes and Additions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> + Most functions are now linked to the documentation (some still need doctrings).

Reviewer: I know none of the other changelog entries have this but issue or PR numbers should be included, ideally.

```suggestion
+ Most functions are now linked to the documentation (some still need docstrings). [#92]
```
